The people of the Western Regions, under the Baragas administration,
have decided to cooperate with the People's Liberation Army and the People's Liberation Army in the war of the Great East.
The people of the common people and the people of the Chikugui Empire understand the truth and actively cooperate.
The attitude of the imperial government regarding the people's independence is always clear in the life of the common people,
but the imperial government is more progressive in this case,
and it is clear that it is a good thing to give the people the honor of independence during the year of the Great East.
The people of the common people who once had the principle of independent independence under the corrupt rule of the United States
have been fighting for the future of the people of the common people since the beginning of the Great East War.
I am grateful to the people of the common people, and I am very grateful for the people of the common people and the people of the Great East.
The people of the common people of the Marai, Sumatra, Java, Borneo, and Telibes Islands
have been working together for a long time under the military administration of the Great East.
Even in the war, they are free from the psychological pressure of the people who are from the heart of the local army,
and they are living a life full of hope without any problem,
due to the cultural gratitude of education and other hidden things.
They are really struggling in the golden era for the sake of the Indonesian people.
The United Kingdom is moving forward in this case, and according to the wishes of the common people,
we are working to build a way for the common people to have a political life.
In Java, the people of the Marai are fighting for the future of the common people.